(wind gusting)
(introduction music playing
♪ Oh, oh, oh, uh-huh ♪
♪ Young mula, baby ♪
♪ I say he so sweet make
her wanna lick the rapper ♪
♪ So I let her like the rapper ♪
♪ Shawty say I'm
li-li-li-li-like a lollipop ♪
♪ She say I'm
li-li-li-li-li-like a lollipop ♪
♪ Shawty say I'm
li-li-li-li-like a lollipop ♪
♪ She say I'm
li-li-li-li-li-like a lollipop ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug, ♪
♪ bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ She lick me like a lollipop ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug, ♪
♪ bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ Come On, OK, lil' mama
had a swag like mine ♪
♪ She even wear her hair
down her back like mine ♪
♪ I make her feel right
when its wrong like lyin' ♪
♪ Man she ain't never
had a love like mine ♪
♪ Man I ain't never seen
an (beep) like hers ♪
♪ That (beep) in my mouth
had me lost for words ♪
♪ So I told her to back
it up, like berp berp ♪
♪ And I made that ass
jump, like jerp jerp, ♪
♪ and that's when she ♪
♪ Sh, sh, she lick me, like a lollipop ♪
♪ She, she lick me, like
a lollipop, lollipop ♪
♪ Sh, sh, she lick me,
like a lollipop, lollipop ♪
♪ She, she lick me, like a lollipop ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug,
bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug, ♪
♪ bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ OK, after you back it up, ♪
♪ then stop drop it Shawty ♪
♪ Drop it like it's hot, ♪
♪ drop it like it's hot, ♪
♪ do do do it shawty, don't stop ♪
♪ Shawty said the (beep)
that she with, ain't (beep) ♪
that she with, ain't this ♪
♪ Shawty said the (beep)
that she with, can't (beep) ♪
♪ But Shawty I'm a (beep),
(beep), like I can't miss ♪
♪ And he can't do this
and he don't do that ♪
♪ Shawty need a refund ♪
♪ Needa bring that (beep) back ♪
♪ Just like a refund I make
her bring that (beep) back ♪
♪ And she bring that (beep)
back, because I like that ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug, ♪
♪ bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ Shawty, wanna lic-lic-lic-lick
like a lollipop ♪
♪ She say I'm
li-li-li-li-li-like a lollipop ♪
♪ I let her lick the
rapper, like a lollipop ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug, ♪
♪ bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ Call me, so I can
make it (beep) for ya ♪
♪ C-Call me, s-so I can
get it (beep) for ya ♪
make it (beep) for ya ♪
♪ C-Call me, s-so I can
get it (beep) for ya ♪
♪ Call me, so I can
make it (beep) for ya ♪
♪ C-Call me, s-so I can
get it (beep) for ya ♪
make it (beep) for ya ♪
♪ C-Call me, s-so I can
get it (beep) for ya ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' thug, ♪
♪ bottles in the club ♪
♪ Shawty wanna' hump, you
know I'd like to touch ♪
♪ ya lovely lady (beep) ♪
♪ I get her on top, she
drop it like it's hot ♪
♪ And when I'm at the
(beep) she Hilary Rodham ♪
♪ Middle of the bed,
give and gettin' head ♪
♪ Give and gettin' head,
♪ I said uh-hm I like that ♪
♪ Say hm yea I like that ♪
♪ I said uh-hm yea I like that ♪
♪ Hm hm, hm , hm ♪
♪ call me, so I can
come and do it for you ♪
♪ Call me, so I can come
and prove it for you ♪
♪ Call me, so I can
make it (beep) for you ♪
get it (beep) for you ♪
♪ Shawty wanna, lic-lic-lic-lick
me like a lollipop ♪
♪ She she, lic-lic-lic-lick
like a lollipop ♪
♪ I say he so sweet make her
wanna (beep) the rapper ♪
♪ So I let her lick the rapper ♪